I've taken your castle soon it's pretty
on now get up you have to get dressed
I've taken Winterfell I've yielded
Winterfell to Prince Theon
[Music]
a girl a wildling the sun's going down
Jon Snow and your friends are nowhere
close
but Arella have not yet declared for any
of the surviving kings Loras wants
revenge he blames Stannis for Renly's
death and Margaery
wants to be queen what might this be
wrought tyrant give it to me
hey we Lodge
a girl has named a second name a man
will do what must be done
Wow why why would seal because the
Greyjoy's are treasonous [ __ ] let me
send word to my bastard at the dreadfort
it can raise a few hundred men and
retake Winterfell before the new moon
where are they let a half-wit escape
with a [ __ ] and Rickon to the little
one gone along with the wildling woman
wait I know that phone sent those two
Winterfell offers there go back to
Winterfell
looking back here is the answer to your
question
[Music]
you don't know do you do you even know
where they are
we're closed you know nothing Jon Snow
you're a woman now do you have any idea
what that means I'm fit to bear children
for the King I will help you Khaleesi
how I will take you to the house of the
undying where I have put them she will
give them our love and they will thrive
by her side
forever I need to be alone with him
m'lady
our orders your orders of which I've
just gave you and now that you've
decorated your walls with the bodies of
the stark boys every man and the North
wants to see you hanged I brought you a
present Lord of bones cottage well he's
a bastard of Winterfell Ned Stark's son
mance will want him the Kingslayer he
escaped in the night how why for the
girls
mance is gonna march on Raw while he
does one brother inside his army the
worth a thousand fighting against it
they'll never trust me they might if you
do what needs to be done the first men
made these marks
must be dragonglass dragon we'll ride at
nightfall I want a full night's March
before he knows we're on the move
there must be others give a name Chapel
hey girl hey girl gives a man his own
name I mean thank you if you help me and
my friends escape their goal in two
friends will walk through the gate at
midnight I never do I want to marry the
Frey girl
[Music]
if my dragons ain't house of the undying
then take me there that's what the water
once hoped this would be the last place
they'd think to look you're right so far
who was that's out there home for the
gays must have been the farmers boys
[Music]
there they are
archers to the marks
there's only one ship where the RISM
where the rest of them
[Music]
well Stan Stan
prepare to land the quest the dwarf has
played his little trick the Wildfire we
can only play once
we've got brave men knocking at our door
let's go kill them
you are a lion my son you mustn't be
afraid the battle is over
we have one you are no longer hand of
the king what happened the murderer and
traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a
stunning defeat at the hands of your
father
so Loras I will gladly where's your
sweet sister you will be my queen
I didn't serve the Starks I serve lady
Catelyn I told her I'd take you to
King's Landing and that's what I'm going
to do what is dead may never die let's
go home I hereby seal these two souls
binding them as one
[Music]
if the day comes when you must find me
again just give that coin to any man
from Braavos and say these words damn
voila morghulis Valar morghulis good
I packed it down they burned everything
not everything not you go to the wall to
Jon you'll look after you and let your
mother know you're safe
welcome home and that is john-boy
dracarys
why traitor they can give Mance Rayder
an invitation to Castle black let him
fight
three blessed